Kathleen Marshall: Can you hear me.
Brandy Duplechin: I can hear you.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, great, great.
Kathleen Marshall: Hold up in the waiting room, they were telling me.
Kathleen Marshall: Yes.
Brandy Duplechin: I was. I wasn't sure if it I'm at a friend's house right now, letting our
Brandy Duplechin: Kids together and I wasn't sure if it was her internet connection. So I kept hanging up and trying to log back in
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, no. That seems fine you can hear me okay
Brandy Duplechin: Can, can you hear me okay
Yeah.
Kathleen Marshall: All right, well, tell me what you looking into Bernard Hall.
Brandy Duplechin: Goodness, I'm
Brandy Duplechin: Have the same doctor for the past seven years or so. And it seems like every single time that I go in, I'm having to go over everything, like he doesn't remember me. And to me, that's shocking, but I'm
Brandy Duplechin: Over a seven year span. I had missed six appointments and so I received a certified letter saying that he could no longer be my primary care provider because of that.
Brandy Duplechin: Which I guess I understand, but at the same time, when you're a busy mom and things happen. You know, you gotta call and I've always called and rescheduled or, you know,
Brandy Duplechin: My
Brandy Duplechin: Friend made arrangements, so I don't understand why he would have done that but anyways. Just a little background on me. Um, I've been a barrel racer basically my whole life riding horses. So I've been kicked off bucked off thrown off any get off of a horse. I've done it.
Brandy Duplechin: Okay, had you know severe trauma as far as accidents. Go. Um, I was also diagnosed with spinal stenosis and lumbar so I have a lot of pain in my back.
Brandy Duplechin: Carpal tunnel severe carpal tunnel that I need to get surgery on but I post on that because my youngest was so little. Yeah, there's just no way I could have recovered at that time. I mean, I can but
Brandy Duplechin: At that time, it was just
Brandy Duplechin: Not going to be able to happen.
Brandy Duplechin: Yeah, but, um, so for the past 15 years my daughter was too. She will be 15 at the end of this month. So since I have been well first, they put me on hydrocodone
Brandy Duplechin: And they made me really really sick.
Brandy Duplechin: I was throwing up constantly so then they put me on Tramadol and I have been on that for the last 15
Kathleen Marshall: Years. Okay.
Brandy Duplechin: Which is a really long time.
Brandy Duplechin: Yeah, but when my doctor quit being my doctor, I have been going without my medications which has made me have withdrawals anxiety.
Brandy Duplechin: Cry I'm shaky right now because you know
Brandy Duplechin: I want to cry because I don't want to be going through this
Kathleen Marshall: Right, right.
Brandy Duplechin: I want to wake up and just be able to go about my day.
Kathleen Marshall: Mm hmm.
Brandy Duplechin: I'm sorry.
Kathleen Marshall: No, it's okay, it's okay. I think I didn't even tell you my name, just to make sure you know I'm Dr. Marshall think we just jumped right in, but
Kathleen Marshall: So how long have you not seen or doctor or been without. How long have you been without medicine.
Brandy Duplechin: Well, I want to be 100% open and honest with you.
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah.
Brandy Duplechin: I mean, this is the only way this will work is if
Brandy Duplechin: I'm my mom has been sending me um
Brandy Duplechin: You know, some medicine here and there just to get me through, but I haven't seen my doctor in about two, maybe three months.
Brandy Duplechin: Okay. And I haven't been able to, I mean every other office that's here that accepts Medicaid is either not accepting patient
Brandy Duplechin: Okay, or they don't provide that kind of medicine that I need.
Brandy Duplechin: I had a really hard time finding a doctor. Yeah, when all this coven stuff started more doctors were doing virtual appointments
Brandy Duplechin: And so I had Google searched and you guys came up
Kathleen Marshall: Okay.
Brandy Duplechin: So you are my first attempt to
Brandy Duplechin: Try to recover, I guess.
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah, yeah. And what have your mom then sending you
Brandy Duplechin: My training.
Kathleen Marshall: And my time at all.
Brandy Duplechin: Yeah, my Tramadol and I've also been on ADHD medication, since I was five.
Brandy Duplechin: And I started me off on Ritalin, when I was
Brandy Duplechin: In kindergarten.
Brandy Duplechin: Okay. You have me on the highest milligram, but it still wasn't doing. I mean, the teacher was sending me home every day and hype, because I would have anxiety from sitting still, and wanting to get up.
Brandy Duplechin: Okay, so the Ritalin, the highest milligram, it still wasn't working. So my mom to give me a cup of coffee with my Ritalin.
Brandy Duplechin: So ever since I was five. That's where it began. And then they had put me on Adderall.
Brandy Duplechin: Okay, I didn't like the way Adderall made me function, it was, it would make me have mood swings, irritability, I would snap at people.
Brandy Duplechin: And
Brandy Duplechin: played around with a few other ones, but finally we came to buy Vance.
Brandy Duplechin: Okay, that is the only one that you know me and my doctor had played around with that didn't change my moods and I was able to finish, you know. Dude, my schoolwork, and all that stuff.
Kathleen Marshall: Right, right.
Brandy Duplechin: My mom has been sending me some of my by Vance that I have left at her house.
Brandy Duplechin: Because she was back in Texas.
Brandy Duplechin: Okay, Carolina
Brandy Duplechin: Okay, so before we had moved here. We were living with my mom waiting for our house to be built.
Brandy Duplechin: And
Brandy Duplechin: At that time I was on Adderall.
Brandy Duplechin: So I had left
Brandy Duplechin: Some old Adderall there because I was no longer taking that I was on five ants. At this point, so she's been sending me my old Adderall and Tramadol because she takes
Her
Brandy Duplechin: So I know I shouldn't. And I know it's illegal, but it's
Brandy Duplechin: I don't
Brandy Duplechin: Deal with the withdrawals.
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah yeah
Kathleen Marshall: And what those Tramadol where you're taking when you were prescribed that
six a day.
Kathleen Marshall: To day of the fifth 50 milligrams
Brandy Duplechin: Yes, ma'am. Yeah.
Kathleen Marshall: And would you space them out.
Brandy Duplechin: Yes, I was taking sometimes I wouldn't even take six a day. Sometimes I
Brandy Duplechin: Was only like three
Brandy Duplechin: I'm gonna be real with you.
Brandy Duplechin: Take it unless I was hurting
Brandy Duplechin: I didn't really take what was prescribed. So in the mornings when I would wake up. That's when I'm usually hurting the worst. I would say
Brandy Duplechin: In the morning, and then at least four hours would go by before I would take anymore. And usually I would just take one.
Brandy Duplechin: And
Brandy Duplechin: Right now with my mom sending me some of hers. I've been having them and trying to take three halves a day just because she can't go without her medicine. So I'm trying to get by and not
Brandy Duplechin: Going to get through the withdrawal symptoms. So
Brandy Duplechin: Okay, the last month or so I've been taking three halves a day.
Kathleen Marshall: So for the last month. Do you feel like you've been going up and down in withdrawal.
Kathleen Marshall: Or okay
Brandy Duplechin: And having good days and then other days I have horrible days.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay.
Brandy Duplechin: Some nights I just lay in a hot bath and add hot water and sleep in the tub. Yeah, I know the pain is there. It's not a mental thing I do have
Brandy Duplechin: Problems with pain, um,
Brandy Duplechin: But at this point, I want blood work done. I want to be tested for arthritis, my joints hurt so bad. I'm constantly popping up. Ever since I was little, I remember I mean my elbow just now popped me
Brandy Duplechin: Every pops and the only time I feel any release is if I'm popping up the doctor that I prior had right before you guys, the one that discharged me told me it was fine to pop. There was, there was no big issue. I've had other doctors tell me the opposite.
Brandy Duplechin: Um, but I want. I want to know for sure everything that's wrong with me and then go from there. Because there's no worse feeling than feeling crazy
Brandy Duplechin: all in your head.
Right.
Kathleen Marshall: Right. No, no, it does.
I
Kathleen Marshall: Don't know barrel racing.
Brandy Duplechin: No, um, I wanted to talk to you about that too. And I've never told anybody this ever. Um, there was a time I was about 21 years old and I was training a new horse and she was the worst horse. I think I ever had.
Brandy Duplechin: To tame her, we had been given the horse and I was thrown off pretty bad and I, my best friend Amanda was there.
Brandy Duplechin: She made I hit the ground, and I was seizing and there was
Brandy Duplechin: So much blood. She said she threw me in the horse trough, just to get come out of not being unresponsive.
Brandy Duplechin: Yeah um I begged her and pleaded her not to take me to the hospital because I was afraid they wouldn't let me ride anymore.
Brandy Duplechin: So I never told anybody about this one particular instance, but I had busted the veins in my eyes. So all the way is red. I slept for three days straight. I probably got a concussion.
Brandy Duplechin: You know, um, it was what
Kathleen Marshall: Are you bleeding from
Brandy Duplechin: I have no idea she
Brandy Duplechin: She said I was bleeding from my ears and my nose.
Brandy Duplechin: Okay, but I personally don't know
Brandy Duplechin: I just know what she told me
Kathleen Marshall: Right, right.
Brandy Duplechin: Um, but I never got checked for that accident.
Brandy Duplechin: Mm hmm. So I feel like we should definitely because I'm going through so much pain. My mom keeps pounding me about
Brandy Duplechin: Finally fessing up to a doctor about this and figuring out if that did any damage.
Kathleen Marshall: Right. Right. Okay. Um,
Kathleen Marshall: Well, what will go into your past medical a little more and go through things but
Kathleen Marshall: So bright heart health. So I'm I am a primary care doctor I do internal medicine, but the bright heart health platform. Have they explained to you, kind of, we're not asking as your primary care doctor
Kathleen Marshall: Did you understand that part. Okay. Because you will, you know, there's things that we can do and you know we we help with the opioid issue and kind of the aspects of it and the addiction aspect of it.
Kathleen Marshall: And we can work on all of that. But some of these things at some point you'll need to get, you know, a primary care doctor that you can see and have these things further evaluated because you should
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah. Does that make sense so I don't want you to think for treating
Kathleen Marshall: Everything.
Brandy Duplechin: Through that I just wanted to lay everything out and
Good.
Kathleen Marshall: So tell me what other medical problems. Have you ever had.
Brandy Duplechin: Um, I did have my gallbladder removed and I had a hernia repair behind my belly button.
Brandy Duplechin: At the time I was going about a year where I was having severe pain right here and I was sleeping in the bathtub throwing up
Brandy Duplechin: And I thought it was an ulcer because my dad was actually passing at the time, so I thought it was just stress and to find out I was rushed to the emergency room because I had gone days without sleep because I was in so much
Brandy Duplechin: And it was my gallbladder.
Brandy Duplechin: So I had emergency surgery, got my gallbladder removed. I had the hernia repair the same time.
Brandy Duplechin: I've suffered
Brandy Duplechin: Six miscarriages. And that's basically because I had a precancerous cyst. They were non benign, but they were on my ovaries and
Brandy Duplechin: I had a lot of scrapes done
Brandy Duplechin: And it made my cervix week
Brandy Duplechin: So I had me and my husband had several miscarriages, but we are very fortunate we have two beautiful children together.
Brandy Duplechin: But, um, that's
Kathleen Marshall: An older children. He said, one's about to turn 15
Brandy Duplechin: One's about to turn 15 and my son, he will be eight in September. Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: And did you have a C section.
Brandy Duplechin: natural birth.
Brandy Duplechin: And a complication. I'm with my daughter her foot had grown in between my ribs.
Brandy Duplechin: Know when she was born.
Brandy Duplechin: They had to basically break my rib to get her out.
Brandy Duplechin: Of her foot was like
Brandy Duplechin: All the other
Brandy Duplechin: Place. We had to work with it and do therapy, a lot
Brandy Duplechin: But when it was all said and done, I looked at my mom and told her it was the most fun I ever had in my life.
Brandy Duplechin: Oceans, you know,
Brandy Duplechin: Yeah, my son, it was more back labor and that was miserable. I'll never forget my grandmother she's a Christian woman and we grew up in the church, and I was hanging onto the bed rail and I was saying.
Brandy Duplechin: At my pregnancies all together.
Brandy Duplechin: They were great. And she was breach, so they thought she was twins until the end of it, which was
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah.
Brandy Duplechin: But other than that, it all went well i think
Kathleen Marshall: And no chance you're pregnant now.
Brandy Duplechin: Oh, goodness. Now,
Brandy Duplechin: I'm now I'm almost 40 I do not want to start over.
Kathleen Marshall: And do you something for protection.
Brandy Duplechin: No, but my husband can't have kids anymore. He's a type one diabetic.
Brandy Duplechin: Okay. And over the years. He's become you know sterile.
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah, okay.
Kathleen Marshall: And I only probe into it because of the medication.
Brandy Duplechin: You know that we're
Talking about
Brandy Duplechin: No more kids in our future.
Kathleen Marshall: And so the medications. You've been taking right now. We talked about the Tramadol right now you're taking I would
Kathleen Marshall: 75 milligrams a day maybe what you're saying.
Brandy Duplechin: Yeah, probably somewhere around there and out you know I told my husband from the get that I wanted to be 100% and tell you the truth about everything. And I'm going to tell you I have been downing ibuprofen.
Brandy Duplechin: And Tylenol with my Tramadol so bad to the point where it's upsetting my stomach.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, I'm
Brandy Duplechin: Just because I, I feel like I can't get the edge off, if that makes any sense.
Kathleen Marshall: And when you were taking the prescribed Tramadol months ago for those years, was it controlling your pain.
Brandy Duplechin: Sometimes I'm okay. I feel like my joints. Even my toes and my ankles like anywhere there's a joint I'm constantly hurting
Brandy Duplechin: When I'm laying in bed at night.
Brandy Duplechin: I mean, it got so bad. I mean, we went through mattresses, trying to find a good mattress. We have a memory foam mattress. Now, which has been best for my back.
Brandy Duplechin: I am a licensed cosmetologist and I had to. I used to own my own shop.
Brandy Duplechin: And I had to give all that up.
Brandy Duplechin: Because standing on my feet with my arms raised for hours on end is at this point, I'll take clients from home from time to time. And even after just one. I'm in so much pain and it's
Brandy Duplechin: In my neck.
Brandy Duplechin: And my
Brandy Duplechin: Joints, my friends, I hurt my wrist so bad. The other day from painting my daughter's room.
Brandy Duplechin: I've been wearing a cast on it at night.
Brandy Duplechin: And they tested me for carpal tunnel. They say it's carpal tunnel. But, I mean, it hurts, all the way into the elbow.
Kathleen Marshall: No, I'm not. I don't know. He said, it's kind of, I guess I'll trust that it's carpal tunnel, but it's getting worse.
Brandy Duplechin: Um, but, no, I don't feel like the trim at all ever really
Brandy Duplechin: I mean, it did relieve some of the pain, but I still always feel pain.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay. And have you seen an orthopedic referrals an orthopedic surgeon
Brandy Duplechin: Know, and my doctor never referred me to one either.
Brandy Duplechin: Okay, he did send me because I told him I wanted to get some MRIs done and he did send me to get an MRI done and but it was just of my neck and my upper back.
Brandy Duplechin: We didn't do any scans of the head or any scans of
Brandy Duplechin: The lower back.
Brandy Duplechin: But that's when he did diagnosed me with spinal stenosis and lumbar
Brandy Duplechin: But other than that, that's
Brandy Duplechin: And then I had to quit. He sent me off for the carpal tunnel testing.
Brandy Duplechin: But anytime I would ask him.
Brandy Duplechin: You know for certain testings, he would kind of just shove it off like
Brandy Duplechin: I was over exaggerating. I cannot be honest, I didn't really like this doctor
Brandy Duplechin: I dealt with him because I had to, because I have Medicaid, but I don't feel like he listened or
Brandy Duplechin: Like really listened
Brandy Duplechin: I mean, he kind of just kind of looked at me like,
Brandy Duplechin: I was a young he was older, probably, I would say 60s. He was a much older gentleman, so he was old school and he would look at me like I'm this young woman that shouldn't be having this pain.
Brandy Duplechin: And like
Brandy Duplechin: Like he I felt like you didn't take me serious
Brandy Duplechin: But this is all really serious to
Kathleen Marshall: It is to me, and you've never Brandi have never used drugs off the street.
Kathleen Marshall: To quote on perfect I
Brandy Duplechin: Know my father was a drug addict.
Brandy Duplechin: I was raised by a drug addict and I went this way.
Brandy Duplechin: Okay, completely opposite way. I will tell you that I have smoked marijuana and have this last month, probably five times because of the anxiety.
Brandy Duplechin: Of not having my medications.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay. And besides that add that are you add diagnosed ADHD.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay. And have you been diagnosed with any other mental like anxiety mood, depression, bipolar.
Brandy Duplechin: Anxiety. Add, and then the pain. That's it.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay. And have you ever been on an onion medicine for specifically for anxiety.
Brandy Duplechin: They have put me um
Brandy Duplechin: No.
Brandy Duplechin: No, no, I haven't.
Kathleen Marshall: never even been on go loft or Prozac or any of
Brandy Duplechin: That for anxiety, the law.
Kathleen Marshall: It can, it can be. It's an anti depressant, but it works on the brain receptors.
Brandy Duplechin: They did put me on Zoloft, but I'll be honest, I never took it.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, okay, why not
Brandy Duplechin: I don't know, I'm a be for real with you, like, I do have an issue, taking medicine even birth control any prescriptions. I usually get the only ones that I would, because my doctor had also put me on gabapentin
Brandy Duplechin: Yeah, and he had put me on another medication tram a zone or
Brandy Duplechin: I can't remember the number but
Brandy Duplechin: No, it was for migraines.
Kathleen Marshall: Oh colossal
No.
Brandy Duplechin: I can't remember her name of it.
Okay.
Brandy Duplechin: I can't remember the name of it, but I never took it and I had taken the Gabba pit and at one time for like a month or so and then I had read an article that had actually popped up on Facebook about how it was addictive and how apparently they're selling it on the streets and stuff.
Brandy Duplechin: So I took myself off of it.
Brandy Duplechin: Because I don't need another thing in my life.
Brandy Duplechin: That I have to depend on
Brandy Duplechin: So I didn't want to get to that place so
Brandy Duplechin: I've just taken my add in the dream at all and that's it and vitamins.
Kathleen Marshall: And tell me you mentioned your dad and his history and he passed away said
Kathleen Marshall: Yes. From related to draw
Brandy Duplechin: He was diagnosed with heart failure, and I believe it was self induced probably. I mean, I know he was born with a heart murmur. He was a heavy, heavy drug user. And I'm sure that did not help the situation.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay.
Brandy Duplechin: And he died at 47
Brandy Duplechin: Wow, yeah, very young.
Kathleen Marshall: And how about your mother. She's alive. She
Brandy Duplechin: was great.
Brandy Duplechin: She is actually a nurse. She's an orange. He lives in Galveston, she's a mom is my rock.
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: And any sibling.
Brandy Duplechin: I have a sister.
Kathleen Marshall: Health issues with her.
No. Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: And any allergies, you have to medicine.
Brandy Duplechin: Um, I would say.
Brandy Duplechin: I tell doctors I'm allergic to coding, just because of my experience with hydrocodone to make me
Brandy Duplechin: Feel credibly sick.
Brandy Duplechin: Okay, I wouldn't say I'm necessarily allergic to it.
Kathleen Marshall: Right, right.
Brandy Duplechin: But anything other than that, I don't think I have any allergies to any other medications.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay. And in the past week or two. Think about any symptoms, you've had, and I'm going to go from top to bottom. Have you had any vision problems or tearing eyes.
Brandy Duplechin: Tearing eyes and
Kathleen Marshall: I had a
Brandy Duplechin: I have vision problems all the time. I wear glasses. I don't have them on right now.
Brandy Duplechin: Okay. Um, I do get migraines pretty bad.
Brandy Duplechin: And a lot of the time it's
Brandy Duplechin: I feel like it's because of my neck pain, it will hurt so bad. And then it'll like wrap up the back of my head right yeah and
Kathleen Marshall: Okay.
Brandy Duplechin: So I get migraines pretty often.
Kathleen Marshall: I mean dental issues recently just in the past two weeks.
Brandy Duplechin: No.
Kathleen Marshall: No rashes, or skin problems.
Brandy Duplechin: I'm just dry skin.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay. Any chest pain or palpitations feeling like your heart's racing.
Know,
Brandy Duplechin: Just really tired. I really short, like my
Brandy Duplechin: My patients level.
Brandy Duplechin: Is really small. And I've been having diarrhea shakiness dizziness nauseous and obviously pain. I've been having a very difficult time not only falling asleep but staying asleep at night.
Brandy Duplechin: I'm sweating.
Crazy.
Kathleen Marshall: And on your, your depression and anxiety.
Kathleen Marshall: Those quizzes kind of that they had to do those surveys you scored high on both of those. The anxiety. We've kind of talked about but telling. Are you feeling depressed,
Brandy Duplechin: Um, I just feel down, mostly just because you know I don't have my medications in mood that it is putting me in. I feel like I can't enjoy my kids, the way that out normally do good.
Brandy Duplechin: That it's more of a guilt.
Brandy Duplechin: Okay, then it is like, oh, I want to kill myself like I don't have those thoughts but it's nowhere I
Brandy Duplechin: Wish I could be better. I wish I could not depend on this. I wish I could be a better mom, I wish I wasn't going through this, that kind of depression.
Kathleen Marshall: Right. Right. And I'm smoking us. How much do you smoke.
Brandy Duplechin: I use a vapor
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, okay.
Kathleen Marshall: And how often do you do that.
Um,
Brandy Duplechin: I mean, I do it every day, but mostly in the evening.
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: And no alcohol you
Brandy Duplechin: Know, none at all.
Kathleen Marshall: And how tall are you about
Kathleen Marshall: To okay and about how much do you weigh
Brandy Duplechin: La 133 I weighed myself this morning.
Brandy Duplechin: I've gained eight pounds in the last two months.
Kathleen Marshall: In the last few months.
Brandy Duplechin: Yes, very much. Having a stay at home, I guess.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay. And do you work or are you on disability.
Brandy Duplechin: No, I'm not on disability I was working, but the company got shut down for the virus. So I'm not in I'll be going back
It's a better
Brandy Duplechin: I do there.
Kathleen Marshall: What. Say that again.
Brandy Duplechin: A bed and breakfast.
Brandy Duplechin: Oh, good.
Brandy Duplechin: And I know their payroll and their bookkeeping and all that good mass, but they're shut down. So I'm not exactly sure when I'll be going back do you
Kathleen Marshall: ride horses at all.
Brandy Duplechin: No, I don't know.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay. When did you stop all of that.
Brandy Duplechin: Right after that last accident.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay.
Brandy Duplechin: Even though I was terrified to tell anyone because I was afraid they would stop me from writing
Brandy Duplechin: I couldn't get back on. I was in so much pain from writing
Brandy Duplechin: In general, do
Brandy Duplechin: It sucks thing. I love of yours gets ripped away.
Kathleen Marshall: Right, right, really hard. I have a dear friend of mine who does dressage and i don't i don't think that has the same injury.
Level.
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah. Hey, love, love, love, love that.
Brandy Duplechin: They're very therapeutic courses.
Yeah.
Brandy Duplechin: It was a huge passion of mine for most of my life.
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah, yeah, that's really tough.
Kathleen Marshall: All right.
Kathleen Marshall: So no history of overdoses.
Kathleen Marshall: Tramadol or anything.
You know,
Kathleen Marshall: And then do you know how to find your pulse on your Mac to feel it.
Brandy Duplechin: Yeah.
Kathleen Marshall: Tell me, I'm going to get my timer out. And when I say you tell me when you have it for sure. And I'll say, Go and then you just counts it and I'll tell you when to stop. And you tell me what you get a five.
Brandy Duplechin: Count the beats.
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah, just count how many feel so tell me when you're feeling it regularly.
Kathleen Marshall: I'm good. Okay. Ready start
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, how many
Kathleen Marshall: Do you feel like your heart's going fast.
Brandy Duplechin: A little bit. Just because anxiety.
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: Lean forward and just kind of pull your eyelids down like that.
Kathleen Marshall: Good, and you can mean by look to one side with just your eyes.
Kathleen Marshall: Your eyes look
Kathleen Marshall: Listen, with your eyes.
Kathleen Marshall: And the other way and up and then down. Good. And I'll stick your tongue out.
Kathleen Marshall: Good pop your cheeks like this.
Kathleen Marshall: Good shrug your shoulders out good and turn your head side to side.
Kathleen Marshall: And then just read your emotion of your arms. Can they go over your head and down.
Brandy Duplechin: And see when I do this, I feel
Brandy Duplechin: Like around the shoulder blades.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay.
Brandy Duplechin: I get pinched nerves.
Brandy Duplechin: Quite a bit. Yeah.
Brandy Duplechin: Pinched nerves and
Brandy Duplechin: Years ago when I had one of my mild accidents, I had a doctor put me on
Brandy Duplechin: Flexor L.
Brandy Duplechin: Okay, and I couldn't take that either it
Brandy Duplechin: Made me like a zombie and
Brandy Duplechin: I, I'd be honest, I never took it.
Brandy Duplechin: I may have taken it.
Brandy Duplechin: Twice and the bottle. Who knows where it is.
Kathleen Marshall: OK, OK. And then if you can move the camera or bring your leg up just for me to see your ankles and the swelling.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay.
Brandy Duplechin: Don't mind my toes.
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: Good. Okay. And then you can sit back, normal, that's fine.
Brandy Duplechin: My ankles pop
Kathleen Marshall: Really
Brandy Duplechin: Everything pops in the morning. I can't move. Unless I pop everything from my shoulders up in it literally it'll go
Brandy Duplechin: My husband's like wow
Yeah.
Kathleen Marshall: And do you do any exercise now.
Brandy Duplechin: Um, I try to stretch. I had
Kathleen Marshall: Like yoga or anything.
Brandy Duplechin: No, not yoga, but I had actually just gotten into spinning
Kathleen Marshall: So by Friday. Yeah.
Brandy Duplechin: I really want to get to the point, because I probably spend about 95% of my nights laying in bed wishing that I could feel good enough to start working out.
Brandy Duplechin: I feel like if I build muscle and just kind of not work out to lose weight or tone or anything, visually, it's more about want to feel better. So I just I had even gone to the extent of cutting out all carbs in all sugars. I was fat and protein.
Brandy Duplechin: I did notice that it didn't make my joints feel better.
Brandy Duplechin: But it's very hard to stick with that.
Kathleen Marshall: I
Brandy Duplechin: Know I did go about four months where I wasn't eating carbs and sugars.
Brandy Duplechin: And I had went from almost 160
Brandy Duplechin: To 124 pounds.
Brandy Duplechin: Wow, not eating carbs and sugars.
Brandy Duplechin: Yeah, but then you get to your goal weight.
Brandy Duplechin: And you're like, we're good now. So now I'm eating what I want
Kathleen Marshall: And do
Brandy Duplechin: You need to get back on track. I really want to
Kathleen Marshall: And you've never had a workout for autoimmune disorders.
Brandy Duplechin: Oh, I've never had any blood work or anything like that. Done.
Brandy Duplechin: And I would. I mean, how was tested for rheumatoid arthritis.
Brandy Duplechin: And that did come back negative because we have a history of that in my family.
Brandy Duplechin: But I don't know if maybe it's like a little sneaky creature and then it shows up later on in life or how that works, but
Brandy Duplechin: retested for arthritis and maybe even chronic fatigue syndrome. I don't know what it is. I just know that I'm tired all the time and I'm in pain all the time.
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah so so bright heart health, you know, our model is we're treating opioid use disorder.
Kathleen Marshall: When your body has become dependent on any type of opioid so Tramadol has a partial opioid in it.
Brandy Duplechin: In what's crazy is when the
Brandy Duplechin: Doctor first put me on those, like I said, my daughter was too. So this was a very long time ago.
Brandy Duplechin: They were not
Brandy Duplechin: a controlled substance.
Brandy Duplechin: At the time,
Brandy Duplechin: And she told me she promised me they would not be addictive.
Brandy Duplechin: And that it wasn't a controlled substance and I trusted her because I have known it was a controlled substance and if I would have known it was addictive. I probably would have rethought taking the medication, to be quite honest with you, just because my dad's history.
Brandy Duplechin: I just always know that that is in my family as far as addiction goes
Brandy Duplechin: So anytime anything is presented to me that could possibly be addictive. I go the other way.
Brandy Duplechin: Okay. And so I'm constantly preaching to my kids, my daughter. It was definitely now that she's at that age, you know, you have a history of addiction and both sides of your family.
Kathleen Marshall: Right.
Brandy Duplechin: You can try something once and be addicted. So I tell her all the time. Just please, please use your brain.
Kathleen Marshall: Right, right.
Brandy Duplechin: You know, but
Brandy Duplechin: Yeah, you can only preach so much
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah.
Kathleen Marshall: So Tramadol is an interesting medicine, it actually
Kathleen Marshall: When your body metabolizes it
Kathleen Marshall: People metabolize it differently depending on it, something called our side of Chrome, which is how we metabolize certain medicines.
Kathleen Marshall: And it breaks into basically part opioid and part as NRI which is like like an anti depressant has a little bit of pain. It helps a little bit with pain.
Kathleen Marshall: So that you might have heard SSRI which is the Zoloft and Prozac and less pro SNR eyes are things like
Kathleen Marshall: Deluxe, a team Cymbalta kind of those lines so Tramadol splits into an opioid and an SSRI but different people make.
Kathleen Marshall: Different amounts. Some people metabolize it into more opioid and some people metabolize it into more SNR I and you don't really know
Kathleen Marshall: Which one, people will will metabolize it into so I can't know just from looking at you. So it Tramadol you were taking how much of it, you were getting as opioid and how much you were getting as Sri but
Kathleen Marshall: The only point I'm saying with that is when we try to figure out, putting you on Suboxone the buprenorphine. We look at the kind of the equivalent. So you may have to tight right, you may have to figure out kind of what's working
Brandy Duplechin: For you.
Kathleen Marshall: So what we offer is you know treatment for the opioid use when you know this feeling when you're going through these withdrawals, your brain is seeking out and you're having a craving for what your what your body has just become dependent on. Yeah.
Brandy Duplechin: So teen years is a really long time to be on something.
Brandy Duplechin: Right. It really, really is.
Kathleen Marshall: Right, so
Brandy Duplechin: My goal.
Brandy Duplechin: My goal with you guys is to eventually be on nothing.
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah.
Brandy Duplechin: You know, I don't like I said
Kathleen Marshall: I just want. I think that's a
Kathleen Marshall: reasonable goal, I think, you know, if we consider bridging you you know you get treated with Suboxone and you're on that while you find a new physician for primary care.
Kathleen Marshall: Who can kind of work up some of these issues, see if there's anything else that can be done. Maybe injections.
Kathleen Marshall: Maybe even a surgery and I'll have an orthopedic referral. And in the meantime, you'll, you'll be on the Suboxone which will control the cravings and the withdrawals in your brain. Let me tell you a little more because you've never taken you've never taken Suboxone at all right.
Brandy Duplechin: I have but
Brandy Duplechin: It was, it was one. My mom sent me
Yeah.
Kathleen Marshall: Was it a sublingual like the film.
Brandy Duplechin: It was a pill.
Kathleen Marshall: Who the pill. Okay, and did it help with the withdrawal.
Brandy Duplechin: It did. It did.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, so
Kathleen Marshall: We can do films or tab. Sometimes people say their Medicaid covers one versus the other. And I can change that. If not, but
Kathleen Marshall: They usually cover the films which most people find is a little more easy to tolerate it easier to dissolve under their tongue.
Kathleen Marshall: So that's usually what I prescribe on unless people request the tabs for some reason.
Kathleen Marshall: But the film. So it has to medications in it has up an orphan and then it has locked zone and the buprenorphine is the opioid part
Kathleen Marshall: But it's not the same as an opioid you'd get up the street like Percocet, or oxycodone, or the Tramadol part it, it goes in your brain and attaches to the receptors, but doesn't cause that same high and low that you would get the peaks and valleys.
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah, so it's a great medication to use however you do when you take it for the first time you want to feel like you're in withdrawal before you take it.
Kathleen Marshall: Because it will latch on to the receptors in your brain more strongly than the Tramadol or oxy cotton and it will knock them off. And so you'll feel like you're going into worst withdrawal really fast. If you're not already feeling some symptoms of withdrawal.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, so when you first take your first film, you want to be feeling like like you are. You want to have some nausea, you want to have some yawning some
Kathleen Marshall: Running on
Brandy Duplechin: The one mom sent me it made me throw up.
Okay.
Brandy Duplechin: But I didn't know. Like, she said, a whole one
Brandy Duplechin: And I had taken a whole half
Brandy Duplechin: Yeah, which I had no knowledge of, you know what I should take or how much or
Brandy Duplechin: I wish I feel better.
Kathleen Marshall: Right.
Brandy Duplechin: Right. And it did make me nauseous. I did throw up. Um,
Brandy Duplechin: But it did help a lot.
Brandy Duplechin: Yeah, but I didn't. I didn't feel any of what you're saying. As far as
Brandy Duplechin: My withdrawals didn't feel worse.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay. Okay, good. You want to feel a little that withdrawal before you take it and that will help not have the reaction.
Brandy Duplechin: I got
Kathleen Marshall: So the other medicine and Suboxone is called the lock zone and that when you put it under your tongue.
Kathleen Marshall: It doesn't get absorbed in a meaningful way in your body. So you it doesn't have any reaction in there to prevent
Kathleen Marshall: People from using it the wrong way. So if you were to inject, you know, or somebody were to try to steal all all your Suboxone and try to, you know, melted down and injected in the rain. It wouldn't give them any high because of the naloxone
Kathleen Marshall: If you get it right in your veins that way. It just won't
Kathleen Marshall: Work, but when you do it under the tongue. It just doesn't have any effects that you still get all the effects of the buprenorphine, which is what you want and you don't have any problem within the locks zone. But that's why it's written that way.
Kathleen Marshall: So for you, I was looking at, you know, the morphine equivalent
Kathleen Marshall: Basically of the Tramadol
Kathleen Marshall: And if you've been on about in the past 50 milligrams three times a day, then
Brandy Duplechin: It was
Brandy Duplechin: It was six. I was prescribed to every four to six hours.
Kathleen Marshall: Right. And you said, sometimes you take six something
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah 33 I
Brandy Duplechin: Know, sometimes I would take six and then sometimes I would take it everyday varied. I would just take them as I was hurting
Brandy Duplechin: Well, I never really stopped. I know I never took more than six, but there were days where I did take less
Brandy Duplechin: So it just kind of varied. Some days I hurt worse than other days.
Brandy Duplechin: I have
Brandy Duplechin: Things in hobbies that I do that trigger
Brandy Duplechin: Right, my pain, especially with the carpal tunnel like painting or crocheting or working in the yard. And sometimes I'll overdo myself.
Brandy Duplechin: And I'll have worst days than other days. Yeah, but I would. I mean, if you're going to put something in the system. I would probably say that I took anywhere from four to six of them a day.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, okay, what I would consider them. But now, for the past month or so. You haven't been taking as many
Kathleen Marshall: Because you don't have as many right yeah yeah I've been
Brandy Duplechin: Severe, severe withdraw.
Brandy Duplechin: The half of one. I mean, it doesn't
Brandy Duplechin: Already after I take that first half, not even an hour later, I'm filling that withdraw again.
Kathleen Marshall: Right, right.
Brandy Duplechin: And I'm trying to make myself do with it because I don't know because I know I'm not, I don't have enough
Brandy Duplechin: You know, so I have to kind of space them out.
Brandy Duplechin: You know, so I'm always feeling that withdraw just not as severe. If I take a little
Kathleen Marshall: Here and there, right.
Kathleen Marshall: Well, so, and then the other thing with with Suboxone with the buprenorphine.
Kathleen Marshall: It doesn't. It has to work for pain. The best way to take it is kind of how you were taking the Tramadol so I would have you taken this at least three times a day. So start and then you can see if you need it for time, it generally lasts about six to eight hours. So when people for pain.
Kathleen Marshall: It lasts for
Kathleen Marshall: For the withdrawal symptoms. More like 12 hours so people that don't have pain will and are just using, you know, heroin or oxy codeine
Kathleen Marshall: More for the high when they start Suboxone they'll often just takes about from twice a day, once in the morning and once in the evening and that controls all of the cravings and all of the withdrawal.
Kathleen Marshall: However, when people have chronic pain. On top of that, it's better to split those doses throughout the day because that will also help you with the pain that you're having yes so
Kathleen Marshall: I would recommend so we when we take the film's if you when you get it in the container. You can cut it down the middle.
Kathleen Marshall: The film. So, and then you can take part of the film. And that's how I would recommend doing it as cutting it in half, it'll be an eight milligrams film.
Kathleen Marshall: And the first time you take it. Remember, you want to be feeling that withdraw.
Kathleen Marshall: And then you put it under your tongue and let it fully dissolve it can take, you know, 510 minutes sometimes 15 but let it fully dissolve all the way to make sure you get all the benefit of it.
Kathleen Marshall: And the film. Another tip is to cut it in the wrapper that it comes in so that you're not cutting taking it out and dissolving it on your fingers when you buy it.
Brandy Duplechin: How big is the rapper.
Kathleen Marshall: Not that big. I mean, you can easily caught right through it.
Kathleen Marshall: It's just a way to. You don't have to take it out and, you know, play
Kathleen Marshall: Around with the film.
Kathleen Marshall: I'm holding this up, it's not
Kathleen Marshall: Trying to show you. You're putting it
Kathleen Marshall: But so then you would take for so it's half of a film that's the four milligrams and put it under your tongue, and then
Kathleen Marshall: Wait, several hours I would wait till mid afternoon, and then I would take for you with this dose. It's a little tricky and we may have some tie trade and check back in, you know, the next week because you've been on a different medication than you've been on before
Kathleen Marshall: And so, but I would recommend another half film later. And then one more in the evening.
Kathleen Marshall: If you wake up the next
Kathleen Marshall: Day and you feel like that controlled all of your cravings and your withdrawals and you didn't feel overly sleepy or anything like that. Then, then there's your adult
Kathleen Marshall: Is you have
Brandy Duplechin: One and a half a day. Is that what you're
Kathleen Marshall: Saying, Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah, if you found you had cravings more towards the evening we could add another you know half dose or even quarter, people will do quarter.
Brandy Duplechin: Like to start off small
Brandy Duplechin: Yeah, I'm smaller because like I said, eventually, I don't want to have to take anything
Right.
Kathleen Marshall: I mean, that's the other way. We could do it is I would start with with the four, but you could do. You said the morning. It's kind of your hardest time starting with the for there you could do.
Kathleen Marshall: I could prescribe me that comes in for milligram films as well. And I would be easier for you to put into smaller doses.
Kathleen Marshall: So you could do a full film of the four milligram in the morning and then half in the afternoon and half in the evening, and then you're on a relatively low dose that's eight milligrams
Brandy Duplechin: I mean, we
Brandy Duplechin: Keep it with the eight and then I'll just kind of play around with it. Instead of taking like a half of one from the beginning. I'll take like a quarter, maybe. And then if I feel like it's not helping. Maybe I can take the other quarter I just
Kathleen Marshall: Looking to see is
Kathleen Marshall: The first day, the first day. The most important thing is that you don't want to knock yourself into worst withdrawal.
Kathleen Marshall: So you want to be in a little withdrawal when you take the
Kathleen Marshall: Medicine and then you want to see that it stops your withdrawal that you're having
Kathleen Marshall: And then it
Kathleen Marshall: Stops your cravings and that then that you're not feeling really sweet. Be like you took more opioid type medicine that you were used.
Brandy Duplechin: To be as ever I don't ever do.
Kathleen Marshall: That in
Brandy Duplechin: Anything other than Tramadol and hydrocodone i like i said the hundred code on was making me vomit really
Brandy Duplechin: Not just
Brandy Duplechin: I couldn't take it. And I will drive that actually I was prescribed that for a
Brandy Duplechin: It was either. This was so long ago it was either a kidney infection or a bladder infection and I had gotten so ill, and I was crying to my mom and I was like, why would the doctor put me on this.
Brandy Duplechin: Awful.
Brandy Duplechin: So when I did have my horse accidents and when I went to the doctor for pain.
Brandy Duplechin: I had just initially right off the bat told them, please do not put me on anything with coding
Brandy Duplechin: Right. Please don't put me on at the time. I think they were still prescribing stuff like darvocet and stuff like that. I mean, this was so long ago.
Brandy Duplechin: It makes me feel, but I told him, don't you know I don't want anything like that. I even told them, if you can put me on something that's for pain, but that is not addictive and I was specific about that.
Kathleen Marshall: And
Brandy Duplechin: I think at the time Tramadol was kind of just coming into its own.
Brandy Duplechin: And the doctor was like, well, like there's this new medication. It's non addictive and it's not a controlled substance.
Brandy Duplechin: And of course, you know, things change.
Brandy Duplechin: But 15 years is a really long time. So I just, I'm at the point now in my life.
Brandy Duplechin: Where, like I said, I just want to be able to wake up in the morning and not have to depend on anything. I just
Kathleen Marshall: Want
Brandy Duplechin: To be released from that.
Kathleen Marshall: Right, right.
Brandy Duplechin: I've been praying a lot about it and begging God I attend church regularly. I don't know if you do, but I'm a very religious person and
Brandy Duplechin: I've been praying and praying and praying on it. And I just, I want to get to that place.
Brandy Duplechin: So that's my. That is my number one goal right now.
Brandy Duplechin: No treatment for what I'm going through the withdrawals. I obviously need the treatment.
Brandy Duplechin: But like I said my end goal is to be on absolutely nothing.
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah yeah
Kathleen Marshall: I do feel as we're talking
Kathleen Marshall: You know, I feel the best kind of course for you. I think would be to do the lower because we can always increase it.
Kathleen Marshall: And, you know, if you're still feeling withdrawal that first day you can take another film, but if we do the four milligram pills, it'll be easier for you to cut if you're cut in half. If you're needing much less
Kathleen Marshall: Because you are dependent on this Tramadol but it is a lot less opioid than someone taking heroin or oxy code on off the street.
Kathleen Marshall: So you're already ahead of the game, you know, to start
Kathleen Marshall: It's just that your body has needed that for a
Kathleen Marshall: Long time
Kathleen Marshall: Let me look here and make sure I have your correct pharmacy.
Brandy Duplechin: It should be the Walmart in Waynesville
Kathleen Marshall: It sounds like you have good support to your husband, your children, and friends.
Kathleen Marshall: We've been together.
Brandy Duplechin: We've been together 20 years and August.
Brandy Duplechin: On years
Brandy Duplechin: We've been together since we were kids, since I was 17 almost eight
Brandy Duplechin: You are my daughter.
Kathleen Marshall: So, Brandi. The other power of right on. How have they told you how it works with the group meetings and check in.
Brandy Duplechin: I mean, they did tell me that I will need group meetings and all that, but they did not explain how it works.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, so we have a group meeting going as in the North Carolina area on Tuesdays at 7pm if that is a good time for you. It's all women so far there's, I think four or five other women in that group all in different stages of kind of recovery and treatment.
Kathleen Marshall: You know, you would present a different perspective because you weren't using you know medicines off the street and
Kathleen Marshall: So you may not need it for very long, although it may be very helpful to you. It's a place to vent and you could talk about pain and, you know,
Kathleen Marshall: Other things that are going on a lot of the women are mothers in it too. So
Kathleen Marshall: And then there's a therapist and I go to the meeting to and then I just quickly check in and see how your medicine doing
Kathleen Marshall: And if anything's complicated. We make another appointment, but that kind of constitutes your appointment for the week.
Kathleen Marshall: And then bright heart health also offer the individual therapy and they can reach out to you about that. I'm not sure with Medicaid, how it all works with the financial part but that could be really helpful to you as well.
Brandy Duplechin: I just, I'm like dude to join those meetings do I go about it the same way with bright heart health. Zoom meeting and all that.
Kathleen Marshall: Yes, you check into the virtual clinic and they'll give you the meeting address for that time.
Kathleen Marshall: So if you're available for the 7pm. I will send the care navigator an email and say that, you know, that can be a good meeting for you and you can
Brandy Duplechin: Work.
Kathleen Marshall: On to the first one. And we can see
Kathleen Marshall: What's that
Brandy Duplechin: He said, Tuesdays at seven.
Kathleen Marshall: Seven.
Brandy Duplechin: Okay, and that's a weekly
Kathleen Marshall: weekly thing.
Kathleen Marshall: I've got here.
Kathleen Marshall: Wal Mart pharmacy. It says 135 pounds center lane right
Kathleen Marshall: Loop Town Center. Okay, I can only see the first part, but it says 135 town center so
Brandy Duplechin: Long
Brandy Duplechin: Let's take this off, it's wet.
Brandy Duplechin: Did you go potty. You don't want to take your swimsuit off.
Kathleen Marshall: So I'm writing a prescription as the four milligrams
Kathleen Marshall: Taking one film in the morning than a half in the afternoon and a half later, but I'm going to give you enough films to take more than that. If you're feeling in those days that that you're still having cravings, you would just take
Kathleen Marshall: Another half of the film.
Kathleen Marshall: Now, I'll give you and then I will check in on Tuesday. I'll give you enough, you know, to get through to Wednesday, and then we'll check and see if we need to change. You know how much you're taking or the prescription
Kathleen Marshall: So that's putting up to
Brandy Duplechin: And so I think it was yesterday. They said that I needed to go to Quest Diagnostics to take a drug screen and blood work.
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah, okay.
Brandy Duplechin: Exactly, an issue.
Brandy Duplechin: If because I told you I smoke.
Brandy Duplechin: Some marijuana. A few times.
Kathleen Marshall: As
Kathleen Marshall: As long as you had told me, and we know what we're going to see and we talked about it then, then we know that it's there.
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah, this prescription gets sent before that you just try to get the lab done as soon as you can. So we can see the other part.
Brandy Duplechin: I'll try to get that done. Monday.
Okay.
Brandy Duplechin: And I can just walk in and tell them that I'm there to
Brandy Duplechin: Do drug test and blood work.
Kathleen Marshall: I don't know that I'm do they give you any type of form.
Brandy Duplechin: No, I haven't received any form.
Brandy Duplechin: Go Stratton no
Brandy Duplechin: Sharp, dude, dude, dude, dude.
Brandy Duplechin: Shark
Brandy Duplechin: Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: All right, brand new that prescription was sense for the Suboxone I'll send you an email to and you'll know about the meeting them for Tuesday.
Kathleen Marshall: And you check in check in about 15 minutes ahead, and they have you do a brief addiction monitors, a little survey to kind of symptom.
Kathleen Marshall: And and then just work on the labs and I know this won't happen before Tuesday, but work on seeking out a you know, a new primary care, Doc.
Brandy Duplechin: Suggestions or any referrals.
Kathleen Marshall: I will ask our care coordinator, you're, you're in Clyde, is it in quiet.
Brandy Duplechin: Waynesville North Carolina, but
Brandy Duplechin: I'm Clyde Silva in Canton are all like right around me.
Kathleen Marshall: OK. OK.
Kathleen Marshall: I will ask him about that.
Kathleen Marshall: So,
Kathleen Marshall: Taking Medicaid taking new patient
Brandy Duplechin: Exactly. Because there are none here right now.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: All right, all right, well, do you have any questions for today.
Brandy Duplechin: I think that's it. I hope
Brandy Duplechin: I didn't scare you off.
Kathleen Marshall: No, of course not.
Kathleen Marshall: And everything should be set. If you have any issues, you know, reach out back out to the virtual clinic and they can always try to contact me before Tuesday.
Kathleen Marshall: If we need to. Okay. Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: All right, good. Maybe you
Brandy Duplechin: You to
Kathleen Marshall: Can you hear me now.
Jeffrey Cannon: Can you hear me.
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah, I can hear you somewhat a little breaking up. I'm Dr Marshalls night.
Kathleen Marshall: Yes, you. Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: You're breaking up a little bit.
Jeffrey Cannon: It's nice to meet you.
Jeffrey Cannon: Nice to meet you. You're
Jeffrey Cannon: Free some
Kathleen Marshall: Every once in a while. Okay. Okay.
Jeffrey Cannon: As far as I know.
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah, you're frozen, but I'm hearing your audio.
Kathleen Marshall: Are you trying to move to a different spot.
Jeffrey Cannon: Yeah, live in the country. So I have bad service.
Okay.
Jeffrey Cannon: Fucked up the video I'll
Jeffrey Cannon: Already
Jeffrey Cannon: Already have the video off the audio.
Kathleen Marshall: Audio what
Kathleen Marshall: Jeffrey, are you there.
Jeffrey Cannon: Can you hear me.
Kathleen Marshall: Now I can hear you. I don't see any video
Jeffrey Cannon: Give me just one second.
Okay.
Jeffrey Cannon: Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: That's good. Yeah.
Kathleen Marshall: That's much better.
Great.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, good.
Kathleen Marshall: So tell me,
Kathleen Marshall: What brings you to brain health what's been going on with your, with your youth and everything. Tell me what's going on.
Jeffrey Cannon: Um, I use heroin and cocaine.
Jeffrey Cannon: Okay, and in pretty much any kind of IPO fentanyl perks it
Kathleen Marshall: Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: How long have you been, how many years.
Jeffrey Cannon: Since I was in between 20 and 21
Kathleen Marshall: Okay. And how old are you now.
Kathleen Marshall: 32. Okay. And how did it start, was there something that started you off.
Jeffrey Cannon: Um, yeah, my mother passed away.
Kathleen Marshall: When you were 21
Jeffrey Cannon: When I was 18
Kathleen Marshall: Oh, wow.
Kathleen Marshall: How did she die.
Jeffrey Cannon: She had a brain aneurysm. Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: As awful.
Kathleen Marshall: And did you start with drugs at around age at that other drugs.
Jeffrey Cannon: I'm know back then. I was just, you know, doing like marijuana and drinking I drank a lot, but my family on both sides were alcoholics. Okay, so I quit drinking when I was 21
Kathleen Marshall: Okay.
Jeffrey Cannon: And figure it if you know as long as I want to alcohol it and I was doing good.
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah yeah
Jeffrey Cannon: The other drugs were actually worse than probably what I would have been drinking
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah, did you start them with heroin first or percocet oxy USE PILLS first
Jeffrey Cannon: I started with perks it first.
Kathleen Marshall: With Percocet. Okay.
Jeffrey Cannon: And then I went from perch, the morphing to a pound and fentanyl
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: Ever had an overdose.
Jeffrey Cannon: Um,
Jeffrey Cannon: I have but I've never have one that I've reported or how to use nor channel.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, so what happened with the ones that you didn't have to report.
Jeffrey Cannon: I had one where I
Jeffrey Cannon: Did too much panel and I woke up I was I was sitting in a chair in my head in the floor and throw
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, what did you do too much of what was the drug.
Panel.
Kathleen Marshall: I panna oh
Kathleen Marshall: Oh, okay.
Kathleen Marshall: Have you ever been hospitalized for drug
Kathleen Marshall: medical problems with it.
Jeffrey Cannon: I did too much cocaine one time.
Jeffrey Cannon: I went for about a week.
Jeffrey Cannon: With no sleep and when
Jeffrey Cannon: I came back.
Yeah.
Jeffrey Cannon: And my body was trying to shut down on me. Yeah. Yeah. So I did get hospitalized for that, but I won't enter our
Kathleen Marshall: Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: Why did you go in. What symptoms were you having
Jeffrey Cannon: Um, I felt like I was going to have a heart attack. I was sleeping in my body was trying to shut down.
Jeffrey Cannon: Yeah, and my heart was this my body was tired and give out and I felt like I was literally going down.
Kathleen Marshall: What did they do for you.
Jeffrey Cannon: Um, they gave me some IV fluids and I got some sleep for a little while and I woke up.
Kathleen Marshall: And I was fun. Okay, I'm saying
Kathleen Marshall: And tell me, what have you been using, like the past week or yesterday.
Jeffrey Cannon: I'm mainly doing Suboxone
Okay.
Jeffrey Cannon: Um,
Jeffrey Cannon: I have been having a problem with okay
Kathleen Marshall: Okay with cocaine. Okay.
Yeah.
Kathleen Marshall: And the Suboxone. Are you getting it off the street.
Jeffrey Cannon: No, I have a prescription
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: How much are you on you know your dose.
Jeffrey Cannon: To a milligram for today.
Kathleen Marshall: The film.
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah, okay.
Kathleen Marshall: Is that controlling your cravings right now for opioids.
Jeffrey Cannon: Yeah, it takes kurta IP OIS is mainly our mental triggers that get me with the cocaine.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, what kind of mental triggers.
Jeffrey Cannon: Um, one, one of my problems was my brother is
Jeffrey Cannon: In
Jeffrey Cannon: Flux crack since he was starting and he's caused a lot of my drug use.
Okay.
Jeffrey Cannon: And
Jeffrey Cannon: Our mother passed away. Yeah.
Jeffrey Cannon: I got 170 instead of my brother and my follow we each got that much. And when I got that money and
Jeffrey Cannon: I was already kind of doing Percocet. I just, I went out there when I found out that it will know my pain and get me huh
Okay, okay.
Kathleen Marshall: You said you cut out you're cutting out a little bit out here. You said you got you came into some money when your mom died.
Jeffrey Cannon: Yes, ma'am.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, and you wind up using that on drugs. Yes, ma'am. Okay.
Jeffrey Cannon: Me, my father, my brother, we, we got $900,000 and split it three ways.
OK.
Jeffrey Cannon: And now I have nothing to show for
Kathleen Marshall: It. Okay. Okay. Are you working now.
Jeffrey Cannon: No, ma'am. I work for myself here and there.
Jeffrey Cannon: Yeah, right. Right now my car broke down that I was driving
Jeffrey Cannon: Yeah, and
Jeffrey Cannon: My wife, she's in rehab right now she's suffering from severe bipolar depression and she's
Kathleen Marshall: Been a pain.
Jeffrey Cannon: She lost custody of her daughter.
Jeffrey Cannon: And so her down. And then so when you know it affected our relationship. She wouldn't talk about anything. So, it caused me to use cocaine even more just
Jeffrey Cannon: Get away.
Yeah.
Kathleen Marshall: And you said, who was this that lost custody.
Jeffrey Cannon: My wife she lost
Kathleen Marshall: Her daughter, not your daughter.
Jeffrey Cannon: Right, I have two kids, but neither one of them live with me.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay. How old are they
Jeffrey Cannon: My daughter, she's 12 about to be 30 she turns 13 in January and my son is sick and they turn a seven in October.
Kathleen Marshall: And do you see them. Do you have visitation rights and everything.
Jeffrey Cannon: Um, I see my daughter, but right now I'm not seeing my son because of my drug use.
Jeffrey Cannon: Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: And I've been in
Kathleen Marshall: legal trouble with it with your drug use. Have you been in jail. Yeah, okay, when most recently.
I'm
Jeffrey Cannon: A thing was about
Jeffrey Cannon: The third week in April 20 I got locked up. OK.
Kathleen Marshall: For being found with drives or
Jeffrey Cannon: Night for arm for still okay
Kathleen Marshall: And we're actually
Jeffrey Cannon: I actually didn't steal stuff I was working on a core
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, Mr.
Jeffrey Cannon: And system out of it.
Jeffrey Cannon: Okay, and
Jeffrey Cannon: I kind of let him do it. I didn't call it a lower nothing, you know, because I didn't want to get in trouble much so.
Jeffrey Cannon: Yeah, but since I got in the car and rode with him. The guy sales stuff. No, I got it.
Okay.
Jeffrey Cannon: But he was supposed to. He went to court yesterday or the day you're supposed to have to be stored for some
Jeffrey Cannon: bows to be dismissed, but I'm not sure design been to court for it yet, but he got 17 months for
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, wow.
Kathleen Marshall: When's the last time you've been in jail for drug charges.
Jeffrey Cannon: I've never had a George, George.
Kathleen Marshall: Never had a drug trying to
Know,
Kathleen Marshall: And what other medical problems do you have
Jeffrey Cannon: I have a pinched nerve and my soda from the course that I had
Okay.
With
Jeffrey Cannon: My left
Jeffrey Cannon: I have restless legs and and occasionally I do so much drugs against Saudi hydride it yeah that it gives me pancreatitis and Akram
Jeffrey Cannon: It'll might may have a cute colada.
Jeffrey Cannon: Okay, Mike just insistence well
Kathleen Marshall: Okay. Have you been in hospital for that.
Yeah.
Kathleen Marshall: And what surgeries. Have you ever had.
Kathleen Marshall: Cut out and I want again.
Jeffrey Cannon: I've never had a surgery.
Kathleen Marshall: Never had a surgery.
Kathleen Marshall: Any allergies to medicine.
Yeah.
Kathleen Marshall: And we talked about your mother has a brain aneurysm, but that saddens
Jeffrey Cannon: Yes, but she was in a hospital for for a how we
Jeffrey Cannon: And her right
Jeffrey Cannon: He went to the hospital to follow up with her and check with her and everything and the hospital, trying to say is he had bacterial meningitis.
Jeffrey Cannon: And instead of I didn't do a stickies can
Jeffrey Cannon: Have
Jeffrey Cannon: It set
Kathleen Marshall: Okay.
Jeffrey Cannon: And
Jeffrey Cannon: Another one my strong trigger is
Jeffrey Cannon: My second baby mama that I have my son with
Jeffrey Cannon: Yeah, she left me. She got hooked don't seek my panels when she was little she was already doing drugs. She had never shut up.
Jeffrey Cannon: Yeah, I tried not to get her to shoot up, you know, because I already knew the bad effects of
Jeffrey Cannon: Hmm, she started shooting up and she went to
Jeffrey Cannon: A wedding. Have a friend of hers, but this new guy that she was dating.
Jeffrey Cannon: Mm hmm.
Jeffrey Cannon: And they almost my son, they abused him so bad, they burnt the bottoms of his feet with her hair straight, all the way to the bone. He had bruises from head to toe. We're shifting MPM blood
Jeffrey Cannon: And he almost died.
Jeffrey Cannon: And the
Jeffrey Cannon: Day to custody of them, put them in foster care and her parents got custody, but the county that I went to coordinate, but not give me custody of them all because I did not have my driver's license.
Jeffrey Cannon: Wow, that's what caused me to sell my house and everything I had and get on drugs harder.
Jeffrey Cannon: Because I really went out there were droves. And I spent five grand a week, trying to find the gun kill him that did it to my phone.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay.
Jeffrey Cannon: And the hotel, and it was still here.
Kathleen Marshall: When was all of that house when was that
Jeffrey Cannon: That was 2000 in between.
Jeffrey Cannon: 2016
Kathleen Marshall: And how long have you been on the Suboxone
Jeffrey Cannon: Or methadone.
Jeffrey Cannon: First for four and a half years.
Jeffrey Cannon: Yeah. And then I started locking Suboxone I'd already started doing some boxing before my son was born, trying to get
Kathleen Marshall: Fine. Yeah.
Jeffrey Cannon: But I could never I couldn't do a lot of stuff that port required
Kathleen Marshall: And we're
Jeffrey Cannon: Right, be able to stick with it.
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah.
Jeffrey Cannon: To get on it so
Jeffrey Cannon: Just bought him off the street, the best way I could and
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: And jack, do you like to do so by Jeffrey
Jeffrey Cannon: Either ones. Fine.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, are you working now.
Jeffrey Cannon: No. Okay. I do work for myself here and there. I do. I work on cars I remodel houses for
Jeffrey Cannon: And when I can find work.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: And do you have a stable home environment, a stable LIVING PLACE.
Jeffrey Cannon: Yes, ma'am. Right now I live with my father. Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: And as your father healthy. Does he have health issues.
Jeffrey Cannon: He has to
Jeffrey Cannon: hernias, but he's had them since 2008 he won't get them fixed
Jeffrey Cannon: Okay, they don't trust the doctor, since what happened to my mom.
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah, yeah, that's that.
Kathleen Marshall: You talked about your brother. Any other siblings.
Jeffrey Cannon: My okay
Kathleen Marshall: And have you been diagnosed with any mental issues or mood problems like anxiety add anything like that.
Jeffrey Cannon: No, I've never been
Jeffrey Cannon: I've always avoided that
Okay.
Jeffrey Cannon: Cuz I grew up country and the hard way. So I've tried to keep the lid. The best I can. Yeah.
Jeffrey Cannon: And and
Jeffrey Cannon: You must support system, but when your support systems have problems and most people out there because everybody else. Oh.
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah, okay.
Kathleen Marshall: So you cut out a little for me but I heard you said you've tried to avoid any problems or diagnoses by using your support system that what you're saying.
Kathleen Marshall: Yes. And you mentioned your wife, but are you not living with your wife right now.
Jeffrey Cannon: For depression. She won't really using drones for her to person got so bad she thought she might kill herself.
Jeffrey Cannon: Okay, so
Jeffrey Cannon: And, you know, taste impression medicine so long to start working. So she wanted the best summer with see felt comfortable so
Jeffrey Cannon: That's our new person medicine.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, when and what she using drugs as well before
Jeffrey Cannon: I'm a little here and there. Yeah, okay.
Kathleen Marshall: I asked, like do you anticipate her being a support for you. Is she someone you rely on
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah, okay.
Jeffrey Cannon: See
Kathleen Marshall: Your brother.
Kathleen Marshall: Your brother and I will be in jail, and he's been a trigger for you.
Kathleen Marshall: Right, okay.
Jeffrey Cannon: My wife has basically the only support that I have any problems have turned to her and tell things out with her.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay.
Jeffrey Cannon: And she keeps me from doing stuff that is sticky.
Yeah.
Kathleen Marshall: Have you ever had a question or tried to kill yourself.
Jeffrey Cannon: I've thought about killing myself and I do suffer from the person
Jeffrey Cannon: Okay, but I'm scared of the person medicine. My mama listen really depressed. Okay. She suffered from the person and another something wrong with me.
Jeffrey Cannon: I started talking with my therapist. It's Allah SAW ME TODAY.
Jeffrey Cannon: Yeah, and
Jeffrey Cannon: I probably need to sit down and talk with somebody and figure out what I need.
Jeffrey Cannon: So that I can quit having these problems.
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah, who is the therapist. You thought you know remember the name
Jeffrey Cannon: Carolyn would
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, from
Jeffrey Cannon: She is from some clinic in Nashville.
Kathleen Marshall: And you already had your first session today.
Jeffrey Cannon: Yes, my
Kathleen Marshall: Excellent. Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: I think that'll be really good for you because you do have good insight, you know, some people don't have awareness, kind of, of what their problems are their triggers.
Kathleen Marshall: And then also part of Brighton her health model is doing a group session and we can help you get set up with that.
Kathleen Marshall: And I think, you know, really helpful to to see people at different stages and places where they're going into place for you to vent to people that understand what's going on.
Jeffrey Cannon: We're the good thing about this is you need well being and you may have people that are on drugs and them group.
Jeffrey Cannon: Yeah. But yeah, I'll have a bad day and you learn from them groups like what Thursday Do what triggers. I have. So, you know, we're going to give you. I'm in a bad day.
Jeffrey Cannon: Right.
Jeffrey Cannon: It's you. Another source to get how
Kathleen Marshall: If you go yeah but these groups are a little different because
Jeffrey Cannon: It does.
Jeffrey Cannon: Yes.
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah, they don't live next door to
Right.
Jeffrey Cannon: Now,
Kathleen Marshall: How tall are you about
Jeffrey Cannon: Some notes.
Kathleen Marshall: And how much do you weigh about
About 130 okay
Kathleen Marshall: Do you know how to find your pulse with your fingers feeling on the side of your neck and please feel it just may find that now.
Kathleen Marshall: Let me see.
Kathleen Marshall: Tell me when you have it.
Jeffrey Cannon: Well, you know, my blood pressure. I got a blip. Her name is Margaret bloopers.
Do. Yeah.
Jeffrey Cannon: Yeah.
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah, is it around if you if you know where to find it. Yeah, we could check that.
Jeffrey Cannon: Yeah, I'll get it for you and see if I can get it done. Okay.
Jeffrey Cannon: My phone might cut out while I'm trying to do it.
Kathleen Marshall: All right. Just sign back in if it goes
Jeffrey Cannon: All right. Yes, doing it now.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, great.
Kathleen Marshall: Jeffrey. What makes you not, what's the problem with the doctors, you've been getting both Suboxone with, you know, why are you seeking out help
Jeffrey Cannon: The first one that I yeah they bought them pay out of pocket no personal that I had custom me $100 a month $40 a week for my script.
Okay.
Jeffrey Cannon: I lost that one.
Jeffrey Cannon: That kicked me out. I'm there to a financial issue that they have on my debit card.
Okay.
Jeffrey Cannon: And the second one that out found charge me $100 a week and 400 which is $400 a month.
Jeffrey Cannon: Plus, you know, I still had to pay for my script.
Okay.
Jeffrey Cannon: And so, um, y'all are cheaper than the last one that I had
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah.
Jeffrey Cannon: So it's it's helping me a lot. I've got my upper for you.
Kathleen Marshall: What is that
Jeffrey Cannon: Is 164 over 113
Hi.
Jeffrey Cannon: My post is one on one.
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: And are you in any feeling of which are all now.
Jeffrey Cannon: I'm not really, no. Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: When was your last dose of Suboxone this morning.
Kathleen Marshall: You cut out. Did you say yes.
Jeffrey Cannon: I'm seven o'clock.
Kathleen Marshall: Tonight.
Kathleen Marshall: Last night tonight.
Jeffrey Cannon: Tonight.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, so you're not having any withdrawal. So that's why I asked that because that's all high blood pressure. I don't know if you know that
Kathleen Marshall: Have you ever had high blood pressure in the past.
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah, okay.
Kathleen Marshall: And do you see a regular doctor like a primary care doctor
Kathleen Marshall: I think I lost you a little bit
Jeffrey Cannon: Yeah.
Kathleen Marshall: Now I can hear you. Sorry, I couldn't hear you.
Jeffrey Cannon: Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: That's better. See, you said you do have a primary doctor
Jeffrey Cannon: Reason my blood pressure on my cocaine use
Kathleen Marshall: Okay. When's the last time you use cocaine was out today.
Jeffrey Cannon: Before
Kathleen Marshall: Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: And have you had any time in your life where you've been, you know, in the past 10 years where you've been able to be off the cocaine as well.
Jeffrey Cannon: Yeah.
Jeffrey Cannon: I'm able to stay off of it.
Jeffrey Cannon: It's just
Jeffrey Cannon: That sometimes I want to use. I feel like if I work all week because I did have a steady job should have grown numbers.
Jeffrey Cannon: Yeah, you know, when you have extra money. It kind of makes you want to use because
Jeffrey Cannon: You're like, Man, I got, I got some good money right now. And you've
Jeffrey Cannon: Already been like four hours or more spend more.
Jeffrey Cannon: Daring you to burn. Can you can't pay your bills. You're like, should I save this money for my bills were
Jeffrey Cannon: Right, like, you know, you can't pay the whole bill. So instead of saving
Jeffrey Cannon: It go spend your hand side of Hill instead of driving license you
Kathleen Marshall: Right, right.
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah.
Kathleen Marshall: Well tell me any other physical symptoms are you having. Are you feeling your heart racing chest pain.
Kathleen Marshall: No, no. Any runny nose or sinus problems.
Kathleen Marshall: None, okay. Any belly pain, nausea, vomiting,
Kathleen Marshall: None of that. Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: Do you have any
Jeffrey Cannon: Of us so long that when I use, I feel normal. When I don't use. I don't feel
Kathleen Marshall: Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: Is that you're talking about.
Kathleen Marshall: The game.
Kathleen Marshall: World, the box on
Jeffrey Cannon: Both
Kathleen Marshall: Both okay
Kathleen Marshall: And anything else any amphetamine you
Jeffrey Cannon: Know,
Jeffrey Cannon: Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: Besides, cocaine, what, what's the last time you bought in opioids off the street heroin fentanyl whatever
Jeffrey Cannon: It was before my Suboxone scripts, about three weeks.
Kathleen Marshall: About three weeks ago. So for the past three weeks. You've been on the fence about Windows
Kathleen Marshall: Right, okay.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, so, you know, bright heart health, a model, you already know your senior individual therapist.
Kathleen Marshall: We do the group session we check in. If a group session is with me. I can do the check in there. Otherwise, you and I schedule a different time.
Kathleen Marshall: But it's relatively brief if you're not having problems. There's lab work they send for you to get done and we like to see that within the first week or so so that we just make sure your liver enzymes look good.
Kathleen Marshall: The urine test. If you tell me you know i use cocaine and we know what's going on. We know what to expect. We can deal with that. And we can work with that.
Kathleen Marshall: Obviously, the goal here is to not be on any drugs. We want to be functional in your life to be accomplishing the goals you want to accomplish, you know, having
Kathleen Marshall: Few relapses, if any, so that is the goal. We know starting off right now you're telling us, you're using cocaine. So I expect your urine to be positive. And that's not going to cause us to kick you out of the program or anything.
Kathleen Marshall: But that's what we want to be working on with your therapist.
Kathleen Marshall: And in group and everything, because it's dangerous for your health. And it's, you know, dangerous for you to be having a heart rate that high all the time and I blood pressure and all of those. And, you know, we want you to be healthy, as you do. Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: I think you froze.
Kathleen Marshall: I can't hear you. So tell me when you're when you can hear me.
Kathleen Marshall: Alright, can you hear me.
Jeffrey Cannon: Can you hear me.
Kathleen Marshall: I can hear you now. Great.
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: So,
Kathleen Marshall: Jeffrey, when I look on the register here. How much Suboxone do you have left.
Kathleen Marshall: Oh it froze again.
Kathleen Marshall: Alright, can you hear me.
Kathleen Marshall: I can hear you now.
Jeffrey Cannon: Can you hear me.
Yeah.
Jeffrey Cannon: Just
Kathleen Marshall: A little bit. How much Suboxone how many films, do you have left. How many days.
Kathleen Marshall: I can
Kathleen Marshall: See
Kathleen Marshall: Me again you've got how many
Jeffrey Cannon: 16 or 17 days.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, okay.
Kathleen Marshall: That's what I was seeing here. So I wanted to make sure it was about the same.
Kathleen Marshall: Yes. Male I don't need to prescribe you it for, you know, the next two weeks. That's what you were expecting. Right.
Kathleen Marshall: Right. Okay. So this is our first meeting, but as long as that dose has been working with you when we do our check in, then that's the same dose that I'll prescribe and the film's I'll go over just so I know that, you know, you take the film under the tongue.
Kathleen Marshall: Swallow it. It doesn't work.
Kathleen Marshall: If you try to inject it or anything, then the locks on block the effect so
Kathleen Marshall: The only way it works is putting it under the tongue.
Kathleen Marshall: Do you have a relapse and you're on an opioid and you take Suboxone it will knock you into withdrawal.
Kathleen Marshall: Wrong, because it will attach onto the brain receptors for opioid more strongly and not the other opiate off. So if you ever do have a relapse and you're going back on your Suboxone make sure you're already feeling like you're in withdrawal before you take the Suboxone because it
Kathleen Marshall: will knock you will make you feel awful.
Kathleen Marshall: But the way you're doing it right now if you keep this way. Don't have to worry about that. You just take the next dose at your scheduled time
Jeffrey Cannon: Have mental illness thought of move up the arm three strokes, because two strokes. Just don't have used for so long and you such high doses, especially my main drug without pen on fentanyl
Jeffrey Cannon: Yeah, and it just
Jeffrey Cannon: Feeling like oh, claiming yeah
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, um,
Kathleen Marshall: I think that's fine to try. So if you had 16 or so you have about 20, what would that be about 32 films last
Jeffrey Cannon: Yeah, I haven't counted them, but I know I've got about 15 or 16 days.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, so let's say you have about 30 films, on average, if you start taking it three times a day.
Kathleen Marshall: You could even just try doing eight eight. And for some people do that.
Kathleen Marshall: Because if you're just feeling Jerry feeling some miles. What time of day. Are you feeling that
Jeffrey Cannon: Um, it depends on how hard I worked really
Jeffrey Cannon: Okay. And a lot of times I worked real hard like must time I get up at four o'clock in the morning.
Jeffrey Cannon: Yeah, so take one. Then I'll take one, you know, somewhere around 11 or 12 what what I really love to do is take one around 11 or 12
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah.
Jeffrey Cannon: And then tight one around five or six in the afternoon. That way when I get up. I'm not withdrawing from working so hard during the
Kathleen Marshall: Day. Yeah. What have you got a bad
Jeffrey Cannon: I'm normally I try to go to bed in between 10 and 11
Jeffrey Cannon: Us stay up till around 11 or 12 but you know getting up at 4am
Jeffrey Cannon: For is it's hard for me to stay up that late
Kathleen Marshall: And you're getting up so early to do side work and work on cars.
Jeffrey Cannon: Yes, ma'am.
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah, well, I would take try going off to the three films doing it just the way you said that's a reasonable dose. It's 24 milligrams for the day.
Kathleen Marshall: Your brain should really be all that receptor should be pretty saturated at that point. So you let us know if you're having cravings, but hopefully that will be working
Kathleen Marshall: So that I'll mark that down so that I know that you're taking the three films which puts you about 10 days you know about 10 or so days of films last and then we'll check in at the next room. And if that's working. That's the prescription will go with for a while.
Kathleen Marshall: You know, you may have heard people talk at some point of tapering off buprenorphine we generally, like people to be on a steady dose for at least six months before we even think about that.
Kathleen Marshall: Because your brain needs a job and you've got other things to work on with the cocaine. So I wouldn't really even think about that too much right now.
Jeffrey Cannon: The only thing we didn't talk about
Jeffrey Cannon: Been so long.
Kathleen Marshall: You know what
Kathleen Marshall: I was gonna ask you about
Jeffrey Cannon: I've been on us so alone. Yeah. Oh yeah, I do smoke, no I SMOKE ABOUT very
Nice.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay. For how many years.
Jeffrey Cannon: I've been smoking since I was eight thing.
Kathleen Marshall: ever quit.
Jeffrey Cannon: Um, yeah, I've tried twice a try on vacation.
Jeffrey Cannon: Okay, but
Jeffrey Cannon: Sometimes it costs more to buy sometimes at one time, you know, you have so much to buy with it.
Jeffrey Cannon: That it turned me back to smoking not working.
Jeffrey Cannon: Yeah, so
Jeffrey Cannon: Um,
Jeffrey Cannon: Okay, I have tried to patches enough. I need a prescription for two patches and some a Medicaid can pay for it. I like to do that.
Kathleen Marshall: OK. OK.
Kathleen Marshall: I think that's a good idea. You want to start that now, or you want to try to work on. I would put the box on and the cocaine first
Jeffrey Cannon: Yeah, well,
Yeah.
Jeffrey Cannon: It's locking down and start with the patches set and unprepared and trying to go and and quit.
Jeffrey Cannon: Yeah, you know, because as long as you're still doing one thing is
Jeffrey Cannon: Laid you to another. Mm hmm.
Jeffrey Cannon: Okay, people will you know seismic does inside us to make cigarettes.
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah.
Kathleen Marshall: So let's, let's have you think about that.
Kathleen Marshall: Because I want to have
Kathleen Marshall: A quick quick date set and then we can, you know, possibly at our next meeting. We could prescribe some of the nicotine patches.
Kathleen Marshall: And see how you're doing make this change first on the three times a day Suboxone films or stress and then we'll check in on how that's doing and you'll see your therapist again and then we'll check in and see how all that's going
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: Does that sound like a plan.
Jeffrey Cannon: Yes, ma'am.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, do you have any questions.
Jeffrey Cannon: I'm not really
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, and you should expect an email.
Kathleen Marshall: And I'll send about setting you
Kathleen Marshall: Up with a with a group
Kathleen Marshall: Which group. It'll be okay.
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: All right, Jerry. It was nice to meet you.
Jeffrey Cannon: All right, thank you. It was nice to
Jeffrey Cannon: Meet you
Jeffrey Cannon: By our
Kathleen Marshall: I forgot to record for the last person. So the session for Brittany ciphers. I will fill out the note on my own.
Kathleen Marshall: For these two I've started a note, just put in kind of initial some thoughts on the API. And I put in a few no no drug allergies, but hopefully you're able to get everything else from these recordings. All right. Thank you very much. Bye.